Got it! For the comment above the Manage your pensions button logic, here's a clearer and more meaningful version:

// This EE has multiple pensions, so the button label appears in plural ("Manage your pensions")
// Ensure the button is visible before interaction

Let me know if you'd prefer a shorter or more technical variation!

Got it! Here's a clearer and more meaningful version of the comment and test title, matching your intent:

it('Ensures page loaded fully and the "Manage your pension(s)" button is visible', async () => {
  // The employee (EE) has one or more pensions, so the button label may be singular or plural.
  // This button should be visible and leads to the DG Dashboard.
  const managePensionsButton = $(dashboardSelectors.managePensionsButton);
  await waitForElementToBeDisplayed(managePensionsButton);
});

Let me know if you want to include the click step and navigation assertion too.

Here’s a more clear and descriptive version of the TODO comment:

// TODO: Re-enable this test if the alert box component is reintroduced in the Dashboard UI.
// It has been commented out as the component was temporarily removed based on PO's instructions.

Let me know if you'd like to include the JIRA ticket reference or a date tag for context too.



Here’s a clean and clear PR title and description you can use:


---

PR Title: Refactor E2E Test Suite to Align with Latest Dashboard UI & Flow Changes

PR Description: This PR updates and refactors the WebDriverIO E2E test suite to reflect recent changes in the Ember Dashboard UI and flow. The key updates include:

Aligned test cases with updated logout behavior

Updated footer link validations and CTA button interactions

Improved error logging in waitForElementToBeDisplayed to help pinpoint failures more accurately

Adjusted test config data to reflect accurate decimal values

General refactoring for clarity and stability


Refer to [EMB-XXX] for detailed context on the UI changes and corresponding test updates.


---

Let me know your JIRA ticket ID if you'd like me to include it directly.

Perfect, based on this explanation, here’s a refined and structured PR title and description that clearly communicates the context, motivation, and what was done:


---

PR Title

Enable Dashboard Build with Desired Base URL for E2E Suite + Unify Env Handling


---

PR Description

This PR introduces a consistent environment management strategy to support both local development and E2E test execution, where a custom base URL needs to be injected into the Expo Dashboard.


---

Context & Problem

The web script for local dev server supports environment overrides via dotenvx run --env=....

However, expo export (build) does not support .env injection, breaking our need to inject a desired base URL (used by Axios).

This inconsistency prevented us from overriding the base URL when building the dashboard for E2E suite execution, both locally and in CI.



---

Solution & What Changed

Introduced an environments/ folder containing:

.env.localrun → used when starting local server

.env.e2e → used when building dashboard for E2E tests


Added cross-platform scripts using shx to copy the appropriate file into .env.local before each flow.

Refactored:

Removed .env.development and its usage in web script.

Now the web script also uses .env.local to load its base URL.


This ensures both local dev server and E2E test build load the correct base URL dynamically, without relying on hardcoded or inconsistent .env flows.



---

Bonus Fix

Updated cookie banner logic to set the domain to localhost when running locally.



---

Let me know if you want to auto-link this to a Jira ticket or add anything for reviewers!

Absolutely! Here's a concise comment with that included:


---

Updated to use process.env.EXPO_PUBLIC_COOKIE_DOMAIN to handle domain at build time — avoids localhost in runtime output.
Added the domain env variable to .env.localrun and .env.e2e, which gets copied to .env.local as part of the regular flow.


---

Let me know if you want to add a note about shx or cross-platform support too.

Here’s a clean and clear comment you can drop on the PR to update the context:


---

Marked this PR as draft earlier while we worked on E2E test pipeline alignment. As mentioned, we’ve now created two separate PRs:

1. Frontend changes – to unify environment setup using .env.local and serve dashboard builds with desired base URLs for E2E and local runs.


2. E2E test suite fixes – to align tests with recent UI and flow changes (footer, top actions, logout, etc.)



We’ve now pushed additional commits to this PR to update the E2E pipeline itself based on the above changes. It now builds and serves the dashboard for tests and includes a fix for artifact naming by sanitizing branch names.

Will update once the other two PRs are merged.


---

Let me know if you'd like a shorter version or if you're tagging anyone in it.

Absolutely! Here's a refined and concise PR comment update incorporating everything you mentioned:


---

Marked this PR as draft earlier while we worked on aligning the E2E pipeline with recent dashboard behavior changes.

As mentioned, we’ve created two supporting PRs:

1. [#1234 – Frontend env setup refactor]: Introduces .env.local handling to unify environment setup and serve dashboard builds with desired base URLs.


2. [#1235 – E2E test suite alignment]: Updates tests to reflect the latest UI and flow changes (footer links, top actions, logout behavior, etc.) – this PR is already merged.



We’ve now pushed additional commits to this PR to:

Build and serve the dashboard during E2E test runs.

Sanitize branch names for valid artifact names.


Note: This PR depends on #1234. Once that is merged, we’ll mark this PR as ready. Until then, keeping this in draft.


---

Let me know if you'd like to adjust the tone or add any mentions.

Here’s a clean and concise commit message for this change:

refactor(cookie): move domain logic to build-time using env variable

- Replaced runtime hostname check with process.env.EXPO_PUBLIC_COOKIE_DOMAIN
- Added domain to .env.localrun and .env.e2e
- Ensures clean build output without localhost references

Let me know if you want to prefix it differently (e.g., fix: or chore:) based on your team's convention.

Here are sweet, clean, and meaningful names for the steps, especially focusing on the new frontend dashboard ones:

- name: Trigger env setup for frontend dashboard
- name: Build Ember Dashboard for E2E
- name: Serve Ember Dashboard locally at port 8081
- name: Wait for Ember Dashboard to be available

This keeps them consistent with the style of existing ones like Run Backend and Mock-SLAL API servers and adds clarity on what exactly is happening. Let me know if you want even shorter or more technical naming!

Perfect! Here's the updated version with that last line included:


---

Marked this PR as draft earlier while we worked on aligning the E2E pipeline with recent dashboard behavior changes.

As mentioned, we’ve created two supporting PRs:

1. [#1234 – Frontend env setup refactor]: Introduces .env.local handling to unify environment setup and serve dashboard builds with desired base URLs.


2. [#1235 – E2E test suite alignment]: Updates tests to reflect the latest UI and flow changes (footer links, top actions, logout behavior, etc.) – this PR is already merged.



We’ve now pushed additional commits to this PR to:

Build and serve the dashboard during E2E test runs.

Sanitize branch names for valid artifact names.


Note: This PR depends on #1234. Once that is merged, we’ll mark this PR as ready.
Meanwhile, changes are open for review even though the PR remains in draft for now.


---

Let me know if you’d like to tag anyone or hyperlink the PR numbers.


Absolutely! Here’s your final revised PR description, now aligned with your latest explanation (removal of env injection, use of Expo’s native env support, and E2E-specific handling):


---

Title: chore(dashboard): simplify env management using Expo defaults and support E2E builds (EMBED-887)

Description:

This PR refines our environment management strategy by leveraging Expo’s native support for .env.production and .env.development, removing the need for .env overrides or injected env logic.

Why this change?

Previously, we used .env and manual injection (e.g., dotenvx run) to load environment variables. This worked for expo start (local dev server), but not for expo export (build), as Expo does not support injecting env files during builds. To build the dashboard for E2E test execution with a custom base URL and correct cookie domain, we adopted a file-based override strategy instead.

Updated Workflow:

Removed: .env file and script-based env injection.

Created:

.env.development: used automatically by expo start, includes local dev API base URL.

.env.production: used automatically by expo export, includes prod cookie domain.

environments/env.test: used for E2E builds.

Includes the test base URL.

Leaves cookie domain empty so it defaults to undefined at build time.



Script added in package.json to copy env.test → .env.production.local before dashboard is built for E2E runs.

Expo behavior ensures that during build, .env.production and .env.production.local are merged.

Updated ModalCookieBanner.tsx to rely on process.env.EXPO_PUBLIC_COOKIE_DOMAIN, which:

Uses the domain when set (prod).

Falls back to undefined (local/E2E).



Result:

E2E builds now work reliably with custom URLs and no cookie issues.

Local dev experience remains unchanged.

Runtime-based logic (e.g., window.hostname) removed in favor of build-time env resolution.


Let me know if you want a short changelog or script name references added!

