mockXiorAdapter.onPost(/.*/).reply((config) => {
  console.log('Intercepted URL:', config.url);
  return [200, { userId: 'mock-id' }];
});


Yes — great observation!

You're absolutely right: even though both URLSearchParams instances contain the same keys and values, the .toString() output differs because order matters in a query string.


---

Here's what's going on:

new URLSearchParams({ b: '2', a: '1' }).toString()
// → 'b=2&a=1'

new URLSearchParams({ a: '1', b: '2' }).toString()
// → 'a=1&b=2'

So .toString() fails if keys are not in the exact same order, even if they're logically equivalent.


---

✅ The fix: Compare as unordered key-value pairs

Use this utility:

const paramsToObject = (params: URLSearchParams) =>
  Object.fromEntries([...params.entries()].sort());

Then compare like this:

expect(
  paramsToObject(mockXiorAdapter.history.post?.[0].data)
).toMatchObject(
  paramsToObject(mockRequestParams)
);

This will:

Convert both to plain objects

Sort keys alphabetically

Make the comparison order-insensitive but value-aware



---

TL;DR

.toString() fails because URLSearchParams is order-sensitive

Fix it by comparing with Object.fromEntries([...params.entries()].sort())


Let me know if you want me to refactor your whole test block with this helper included!

Here’s a professional and clear comment you can add to dismiss the CodeQL alert:


---

Reason for dismissal:
The flagged string "invalid-mock-access-token" is used only within a unit test (createUser.test.ts) to simulate an invalid token scenario. It is not part of the production code, and does not represent a real credential or secret. This mock value is intentional and safe for test coverage purposes.


---

Let me know if you want a more casual or stricter version!


Of course! Here's the revised version without "expedite" and without the greeting:


---

Hi Team,

Although the request has been approved, I haven’t received the temporary credentials for the account yet. I’d appreciate it if you could look into this at your earliest convenience.

Thank you!


---

Let me know if you'd like any other tweaks.

Here’s a clear and concise way you can explain the issue to your team:


---

Issue Summary:

Recently, we introduced selective linting using turbo run lint --filter=[$BASE_REF] to speed up CI runs by only linting changed packages. This works well for PRs and push events where BASE_REF is available.

However, during manual workflow_dispatch runs (i.e., when triggered from GitHub UI), there is no base_ref available, which causes Turbo to throw an error:
Error: invalid git range selector.

Root Cause: Turbo needs a valid git base reference to compare changes. In workflow_dispatch, BASE_REF is undefined, resulting in the invalid filter.

Fix Applied: We’ve now added a fallback in the linting step:

If BASE_REF exists (like in PRs), we do selective linting.

If not (manual dispatch), we fallback to linting all packages.


This keeps the speed optimization for regular runs but ensures manual runs don’t break.


---

Let me know if you want it in a more spoken-style version for a call or standup!

Perfect! Here's a clean breakdown for your two PRs with short and crisp titles, commit messages, and descriptions:


---

PR 1: Mock SLAL Server Changes

Title: Add Rant & Rave mock feedback route to SLAL server

Commit Message: add mock /feedback route in mock slal server for Rant & Rave

PR Description:

Introduced /feedback route in mock SLAL server to simulate Rant & Rave API

Used for testing integration of Ember feedback flow




---

PR 2: Integration Test & Config Updates

Title: Add Rant & Rave feedback integration test and CI support

Commit Message: add integration test and CI secrets config for Rant & Rave feedback flow

PR Description:

Added integration test for /feedback endpoint covering all response scenarios

Updated mock API config to route Rant & Rave URL to mock SLAL

Added secrets for Rant & Rave to CI environment




---

Let me know if you'd like to split the second PR even further or add Jira tags, etc.

Here’s a polished version of both the Jira ticket description update and the status comment you can use:


---

Updated Description (Jira Ticket):

Update:
The root cause was identified to be with Axios, specifically how it handles multiple set-cookie headers post-build due to internal adapter behavior. This issue has already been reported and a fix exists in Axios, but it hasn't been released yet. Since patching Axios is not an option in our codebase, the agreed solution after analysis was to replace Axios with Xior.

As part of this ticket, Axios has been refactored and replaced with Xior in the affected modules to resolve the response manipulation issue in AWS builds.


---

Status Comment:

Main chunk of the Axios-to-Xior refactor was completed by @<colleague_username> before going on leave. I’ve now addressed the remaining test case fixes and opened the PR for peer review. It's currently under review and will be merged once the changes are approved.


---

Let me know if you want to mention the PR link or ticket ID explicitly too.

Here’s a short and clear comment you can drop on the Jira ticket:


---

All required changes are now complete, approved, and merged to main.

This work was split across two PRs:

1. Environment refactor – simplified env handling using .env.development and .env.production, added .env.test support for E2E dashboard builds.


2. E2E test suite alignment – updated test cases to reflect the latest dashboard UI and flows.



A third PR was also merged to update the E2E pipeline, which depended on the above changes to build and serve the dashboard with correct env overrides.

Everything is now in place and the suite runs green locally and in CI.

Got it! Here's the improved version that reflects both the reasoning — solving the issue and moving to a more suitable library:


---

Updated Description (Jira Ticket):

Update:
The root cause was identified to be with Axios, specifically how it handles multiple set-cookie headers post-build due to internal adapter behavior. This issue has already been reported in the Axios repository and a fix exists, but it has not yet been released. Since patching Axios is not feasible in our codebase, the behavior was analyzed and discussed enough within the team.

It was collectively agreed to replace Axios with Xior across the entire backend codebase. This change was made not only to address the current response header issue observed in AWS builds, but also to adopt a lightweight, modern alternative that better aligns with our backend environment and avoids unnecessary browser-oriented behavior.

As part of this ticket, Axios has been refactored to Xior in the entire backend package.


---

Let me know if you'd like a one-liner commit message based on this too.

Here’s the refined version of your full comment with smooth flow and clear phrasing:


---

Comment:

The ticket description has been updated under the “Update” section to reflect the approach taken and the work done as part of this ticket.

The main Axios-to-Xior refactor across all backend areas, along with most of the test updates, was done earlier by @Sundar. I’ve picked it up from there, addressed the remaining test cases, and opened the PR for peer review. It’s currently under review, and we’ll proceed to merge once the changes are reviewed and approved.


---

Let me know if you want a more informal or shorter version too.

